hello I'm doing a roll of san
I already started doing the two
bread bags here is the bag
I made a bag and three quarters and about
that little bit of two bags this bread
only to the court on these shores
everything coffee the banks and the ones and the
four sides take away the irun coffee and
the loaves all and mayonnaise them
over the bread and I put them on top of this
napkin that was wet one
Napkin cleans the woman to squeeze
well and on top then the bread all all
pieces that the squares together
I dropped mayonnaise and I put cheese
yellow white cheese over scattered
I put them together so I do not have much
Now I 'm going to put this ham on
thick that you like this what
buy thick and we'll put it like that
distributed not very close together
and we are going to put like this
that's also why that's not what
you can buy with that so it is
rather more good
there's the ham we put it on maybe what
let's put it like that because it's more is more
boy space
we are going to put it like this
and we have here ready to make a
roll
already saw that take the bread with mayonnaise
over the yellow case the white cheese
the ham and this we started to roll it
with the napkin the napkin is for
that the roll can be done well and
it's rolling like this
we are giving it back
with the same napkin we are giving
return
we are taking it out
we are taking out and as you can see it is going
going through the ham
about I put the edges because it
travel
until they are turning around and there
ends like this the roll ends
We do not return with tai napkin
and we just turn it off a little bit for
that is well pressed so that it does not
do not undo the goal of cutting it and you
entangle and the refrigerator gets a
I'm waiting for it to cool
but today we are going to leave
and that sets you up two cans of vegetables
here and after mayonnaise to accompany
the roll that from this sandwich
here we already have mayonnaise with
vegetable salad
then this is already fine we are going to
serve a slice and the rest we're going
to put joy when we want to eat a
little piece we're cutting slices
here we have already
here we have the roll ready
and we're going to cut a slice so that
see how it is staying we can save it
with the same napkin
we'll see
as we will be as we left the
roll
and that we can make a birthday of
a child of a family member or simply a
Sunday we do not want to do anything
we make a roll here we have a
slice
here we are going to make another slice of the
Slices is wrong that you like
do
and nothing
and put in the refrigerator this I and
we accompany with a few teaspoons of
vegetable salad
because for that
as they see they like we do in the next
video see you later